OSDOCS-18008 [NETOBSERV] New Feature: NetFlow table enhancements (#105484)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-network-flows-configuring-infrastructure-flows.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="network-observability-network-flows-configuring-infrastructure-flows_{context}"]
= Configuring infrastructure-aware flow collection

[role="_abstract"]

> To enable smart enrichment for SDN-managed IP addresses, you must ensure the `FlowCollector` is configured to auto-detect cluster infrastructure.

Reviewer: That sentence is misleading. `openShiftAutoDetect` is about subnet labels detection; not the whole enrichment.

On top of that, the default value is `true` so I wonder if we should get rid of the whole section to avoid unecessary instructions here.

.Prerequisites
* You have cluster-admin permissions.
* The Network Observability Operator is installed.

.Procedure
. Navigate to *Administration* -> *CustomResourceDefinitions*.
. Find the *FlowCollector* CRD and click the *Instances* tab.
. Click the *cluster* instance, then click the *YAML* tab.
. Set the `spec.processor.advanced.openShiftAutoDetect` parameter to `true`:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: flows.netobserv.io/v1beta2
kind: FlowCollector
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  processor:
    advanced:
      openShiftAutoDetect: true
----
+
where:

> `spec.processor.advanced.openShiftAutoDetect`:: Specifies whether the operator automatically identifies SDN-managed IP ranges. Set to `true` to enable automatic identification and enrich flows with resource metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.processor.subnetLabels.openShiftAutoDetect`:: Specifies whether the operator automatically identifies SDN-managed IP ranges. Set to `true` to enable automatic identification and enrich flows with subnet labels.
```
